partner_address_version/README.rst, before:

=======================
Partner Address Version
=======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpartner--contact-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/10.0/partner_address_version
    :alt: OCA/partner-contact
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/partner-contact-10-0/partner-contact-10-0-partner_address_version
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/134/10.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows to manage versions for partner addresses.

You can define a list of versionned fields, for instance address, country, ...
Those fields cannot be changed once an address is versionned.

This can be useful to know where a sale order has been delivered even after several changes on the partner addresses.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/issues/new?body=module:%20partner_address_version%0Aversion:%2010.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Benoît Guillot <benoit.guillot@akretion.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/partner-contact <https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/10.0/partner_address_version>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[12.0][MIG] partner_address_version: Migration to 12.0

partner_address_version/README.rst, after:

=======================
Partner Address Version
=======================

.. !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Beta-yellow.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Beta
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: AGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fpartner--contact-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/12.0/partner_address_version
    :alt: OCA/partner-contact
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/partner-contact-12-0/partner-contact-12-0-partner_address_version
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runbot-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot/134/12.0
    :alt: Try me on Runbot

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5| 

This module allows you to manage versions for partner addresses.

A list of fields are defined for versioning. These are immutable once set, and force the user to create a new partner
if they want to change one of these fields.

This forces historical consistency. For example, the moment you confirm a
sale order, you might want to lock the address of that sale order instead of having it
change everytime that partner is modified (see e.g sale_partner_version).

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us smashing it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/issues/new?body=module:%20partner_address_version%0Aversion:%2012.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
~~~~~~~

* Akretion

Contributors
~~~~~~~~~~~~

* Benoît Guillot <benoit.guillot@akretion.com>
* Kevin Khao <kevin.khao@akretion.com>

Maintainers
~~~~~~~~~~~

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

This module is part of the `OCA/partner-contact <https://github.com/OCA/partner-contact/tree/12.0/partner_address_version>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
